Fix website build errors both for Grafana and content mounted in Grafana Cloud (#64794)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/alert-rules/alert-rule-types.md

Grafana-managed rules are the most flexible alert rule type. They allow you to create alerts that can act on data from any of your existing data sources.

> In additional to supporting any datasource you can also add additional [expressions]({{< relref "/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/expression-queries" >}}) to transform your data and express alert conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to supporting any data source, you can add additional [expressions]({{< relref "/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/expression-queries" >}}) to transform your data and express alert conditions.
```
